# Python is used to make my CV

The project is used to create my CV using Python's library called reportlab. 
    This library is used to create PDF documents; its drawback is that other
    libraries such as Streamlit and Django provide more functionality to build
    physical-appealing designs, while Reportlab is not for this purpose, but to 
    create more formal documents. 

CV stands for Curriculum Vitae (Description of Life) and it follows a strict format,
which you cannot neglect:
  1) Personal Information (You do not include your wife, children, etc.)
       because a potential employer is more interested in you as a good contributor to 
       their company. Therefore, you specify all the necessary information: 
        Name, Surname, Birthdate, Contact details, social media, self-description;
  2) Education: here you are supposed to demonstrate where you studied and what education
       the degrees you have acquired throughout your life;
  3) Working Experience: this section includes your professional life. This is the most valuable
       section to your employer, as it shows you are worked in the industry where you apply for
       a position;
  4) Communicative Skills: Here you demonstrate your communicative abilities. It is incredibly helpful
       to include all formal data which can be confirmed;
  5) Technical knowledge: 
       Programming skills, your knowledge of computers (MS Office programs);
  6) Hobbies and your personality: this section is responsible to show what activities you engage
       with when you do not work; also, it demonstrates what strong and weak sides you have, which can
       significantly help your potential employer to recognize you;
  7) Additional information: this belongs to all the information that does not fit the CV format; 
       for example, you can narrate about your proficiency and professional life; also, you can express
       your willingness to work and describe your activity which enhances your qualification. 

That is how a CV is built. 

Project organization:
  The CV.py file is the first implementation of my CV using Python. 
  The main.py is the file which is the entry point of my project to run the whole application.
    Here is what it consists of:
      1. resume.py: this module is responsible for creating a CV document.
         It imports all the necessary modules and creates the functionality. 
      2. abstract.py: this module is the definition of my abstract class CV to 
         be extended in resume.py and implement its methods in it.
      3. iterators/iterators.py: this module provides a custom iterator to ensure
         lazy traversal process to achieve optimization whenever necessary.
         --TODO: I will implement an abstract class there too to create specific
                 instances of those iterators: for a dictionary, for a list, and for any other needed 
                 data structure.
      4. utils/Utils.py: this module is responsible for the text formatting process when used. It was
         used in the Resume class (resume.py) to ensure correct descriptions of languages. 
      5. lib/data.py: this module simply contains the dictionary of all required data. This is quite
         necessary to organize my project this way because I must ensure other data formats to build 
         CV. Therefore, 
         --TODO: create @classmethod called "instantiate_from_csv"; create other @classmethods to 
                 simulate instantiation from various data structures such as Pandas, SQL, Mongoose and etc.
      --TODO: As I learn Asyncio, Flask, PyTorch, Pandas, SciPy, Daemonize, and Python's functional and class decorators,
              I will patch this project with the required changes to make it more abstract and modular.
      --DRAWBACK: resume.py is too large a file, so more abstraction is needed. I am happy that I can understand it!

INSTALLATION: 
  Clone my project: git clone https://github.com/derweisskrag/MY_CV.git
  You have to go to lib/data.py and edit the dictionary to include your necessary data. Then, you have to go to
    the main.py module and include this data and specify the file name that you want to be your CV: my_cv = Resume(data, "my_cv.pdf").
    You have to change this to your data: my_cv = Resume(your_data, "your_cv.pdf"). 
    Basically, that is it! You can now run python.exe main.py and see if it runs without errors. 
  Common errors: 1) KeyWord, 2) AttributeError. Hence, you have to be careful with names.
  Libraries: 1) pyphen, and 2) reportlab
  Installation: python.exe -m pip install pyphen reporlab 
    Links to read documentation:
      Pyphen: https://pypi.org/project/pyphen/,
      Reportlab: https://pypi.org/project/reportlab/
    Possible problems: 
      permission: --user
      already satisfied: no need to install it
      example: try to 'python.exe -m pip install smtplib'; 
               it is internal built-in Python's library, so you do not have to install it.

USAGE:
  Throughout my project, you can find many comments and documentation, so that is gonna be easy for you to follow.
  generate_section_recursive is a good and powerful method to use there, as it help you build a quick layout following
  React.js logic. 

TODO_LIST:
  1) More abstraction in both iterators/iterators.py and resume.py;
  2) Daemonize to ensure automation for testing my app;
  3) Decorators to introduce more modular code.


